magento/devdocs #8928 : Add description about data  import from configuration files (#8943)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-subcommands-deployment.md

|`--http-cache-hosts`|Comma-separated list of HTTP cache gateway hosts to which to send purge requests. (For example, Varnish servers.) Use this parameter to specify the host or hosts to purge in the same request. (It doesn't matter if you have only one host or many hosts.)<br><br>Format must be `<hostname or ip>:<listen port>`, where you can omit `<listen port>` if it's port 80. For example, `--http-cache-hosts=192.0.2.100,192.0.2.155:6081`. Do not separate hosts with a space character.|No|

## Import configuration data

When you set up a production system, you should _import_ configuration settings from `config.php` and `env.php` into the database.
These settings include configuration paths and values, websites, stores, store views, and themes.

After importing websites, stores, store views, and themes, you can create product attributes and apply them to websites, stores, and store views, on the production system.

On your production system, run the following command to import data from the configuration files (`config.php` and `env.php`) to the database:

```bash
bin/magento app:config:import [-n, --no-interaction]
```

> Use the optional `[-n, --no-interaction]` flag to import data without any interaction.

Reviewer: I would suggest simplifying this statement as follows 

```suggestion
Use the optional `[-n, --no-interaction]` flag to import data without additional confirmations.
```

... and removing the next "If you enter..." sentence

Reviewer: Also, we may put something like 

> For additional information, please, check the [Import data from configuration files](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-config-mgmt-import.html)
